[Outlook] (sample) Including OWA handling for getSelectedDataAsync (#1422)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/objectmodel/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item.md

> If there is no selection but the cursor is in the body or subject, the method returns null for the selected data. If a field other than the body or subject is selected, the method returns the `InvalidSelection` error.

Author: ```suggestion
If there is no selection but the cursor is in the body or subject, the method returns an empty string for the selected data. If a field other than the body or subject is selected, the method returns the `InvalidSelection` error.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > In Outlook on the web, the method returns the string "null" if no text is selected but the cursor is in the body. To check for this situation, see the example later in this section.

Author: The actual string "null" (see GitHub issue https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/issues/800 for more details).

  var text = asyncResult.value.data;
  var prop = asyncResult.value.sourceProperty;

  // Handle where Outlook on the web erroneously returns "null" instead of empty string.
  if (Office.context.mailbox.diagnostics.hostName === 'OutlookWebApp'

>       && asyncResult.value.endPosition === asyncResult.value.startPosition) {

Reviewer: This seems like a complicated way to check for null or an empty string. Is `value` a string?

Author: I'm not checking for a null or empty string. Instead, here we're checking that nothing has been selected so return an empty string.
